{"profile": "Zhai Xiaolei is a Chinese environmental scientist who is an environmental science researcher. His research areas include environmental management, environmental protection and environmental policy. He has been engaged in environmental protection work in China for many years and has accumulated rich experience. Zhai Xiaolei is familiar with environmental protection regulations and policies, and has in-depth research on environmental management. He has a keen interest in outdoor adventure, photography and reading. He has received awards for environmental conservation and is considered a distinguished environmental scientist.", "events": {"event0": "Zhai Xiaolei and his colleague Liu Tao conducted a dance photography project together at the institute.", "event1": "In a hospital in a certain city, Zhai Xiaolei and his colleague Liu Tao used the most advanced otolaryngology technology to successfully treat a patient with nasopharyngeal cancer. The patient, surnamed Zhang, is 45 years old and has symptoms such as hoarseness, cough, and runny nose. The symptoms have been getting worse for half a year. Zhai Xiaolei and Liu Tao conducted a preliminary examination and found an obvious mass in Mr. Zhang's throat. In order to confirm the diagnosis, they decided to conduct further examinations for Mr. Zhang. First, they used nasopharyngoscopy to examine Mr. Zhang's throat and found an abnormal mass. Next, they decided to perform a nasopharyngoscopic resection, where the mass was removed and a biopsy sample was taken for pathological examination. Pathological examination showed that the mass was nasopharyngeal carcinoma and had spread to surrounding tissues of the throat. After comprehensive evaluation, Zhai Xiaolei and Liu Tao decided to adopt a treatment plan of fractionated radiotherapy and chemotherapy. They used fractionated radiotherapy technology and the radioisotope 131 iodine for radiation treatment, and gave drugs such as carboplatin and etoposide for chemotherapy. During the treatment process, they used advanced monitoring technology and auxiliary equipment to closely observe Mr. Zhang\u2019s efficacy and physical reactions, and monitored the progress of the disease and treatment effects at any time through advanced image diagnostic systems such as CT scans and MRIs. After multiple treatments, Mr. Zhang's condition gradually came under control, and symptoms such as dyspnea were relieved. Mr. Zhang resumed his normal life and work."}}